hello friends today we will
make an origami frog and so for this
we need a piece of paper size
I took the size of 11 centimeters at 22
centimeter remember what happened
normal origami frog that the party
must be exactly twice as large
busy is arranged and so we fold the sheet
in half
I add up in this way
now put the second
Moscow do like this
and now he is
pointed out once again why the middle and
we fold
now this one we fold another
do the side like this
and return one and the second
and from the second side we do the same
fold again
So
now like this
and the second side
now everything is laid out
and so you make it to them
and along the lines we fold this dream
pour in if the lines are well pressed
problems with this should not have arisen
and do the hind legs
now front
bend so that the edge is such
Now we do so that our hat
the frog on could
p we add up here in the middle and
we fold once more upon ourselves
it should be like this our hot
that girl and you she is a poet
to make our toy more
beautiful you can cut here such eyes
grinding paper
round two pieces to put on glue
dub so they were in the middle
and felt tip pen
modifying
I will ask the castle not only to sing
she mowed ward thanks for watching
subscribe to the channel put likes